Brexan's first underground experience had given him a new take on life. The music and atmosphere had opened his eyes to a world of artistic freedom and expression of self. Inspired by the culture, Brexan was keen to find the opportunity to express himself artistically. He continued to frequent warehouse parties, accompanied by his best friend Trel.<br><br>Since childhood, Trel and Brexan have been inseparable. They grew up in the same neighborhood and their families were close. They both attended Makilar University as roommates, sharing a two bedroom apartment near campus. While Brexan was studying Technology, Trel was getting his degree in Cultural Studies. Trel was much taller than Brexan and had a wide frame. He always had a smile on his face and seemed to get along with everyone. Trel was always be down for just about anything, but was also the voice of reason when bad ideas presented themselves.<br><br>It was the start of the weekend and Brexan and Trel were ready to rage. They decided that night to meet up with Marlo at a warehouse party on the outskirts of town. Before getting in a cab to head to the venue, they stopped to see what was happening at Narbhors, the most popular bar for university students at Makilar. After grabbing a table, they spotted a couple of girls they recognized from class across the room, Karla and Hestra. They had drinks and seemed to be looking for a place to sit. "Over here!" Trel yelled, waving his arm. They waved back, excited to see a familiar face, and joined the table. Having not made plans for the evening, Karla and Hestra decided to tag along for that night’s journey.<br><br>After spending some time at Narbhors, they took a taxi to the destination. They arrived at a large, empty parking lot with an abandoned warehouse. They got out of the car and the taxi driver sped off to get his next passenger. It was so dark that everyone pulled out their phones for light. The girls looked uncomfortable with the situation. Brexan was also a little uneasy with the foreign surroundings, but with a show of confidence he waved his arm saying "This way!" as he strolled towards the abandoned warehouse.<br><br>The warehouse had a foreboding presence to it. The parking lot had no lamps and there were only several cars in sight, one of which appeared to belong to Marlo. The abandoned building stood one floor tall and the windows were either painted black or covered by wooden boards. When they got to the front door they found it chained shut, but could hear the faint rumbling of music. "Come on", Brexan said. "The entrance is probably on the side."<br><br>They walked through the side door of the warehouse into the party. Upon entering they were asked to pay a $10 cover, a fairly standard charge. The large open room was nearly pitch black with lasers shooting across the foggy interior. The interior was structured to support a large group of people. There was a bar area being utilized as a place to store the drinks everyone brought themselves. The DJ was propped up on a scaffolding with the dancefloor below, much like the big clubs. The only thing that seemed to be missing was the crowd, which consisted of about twenty people.<br><br>A silhouette emerged from the shadows of the dancefloor as Marlo approached the group. "Brexan, Trel, you made it!" he said. "Of course we did! Good to see you Marlo," replied Brexan. After Marlo made the rounds of introductions, he started guiding the group towards the back of the room. "I've got someone for you to meet. Follow me," Marlo said excitedly. He took the group across the room to the lighting control booth. Marlo put his arm on the shoulders of the person they came over to meet, almost as if to validate their close bond. "This is Krasim," said Marlo.<br><br>Krasim was a tall, sharp looking Vermosian. His straight shiny hair went down to his shoulders. Long hair was uncommon amongst Vermosian men, but looked good on Krasim. His attire was on par with others at the party, but it was evident that he had dressed down for the party because he had fancy shoes and a nice watch. There was a small entourage behind him in a makeshift VIP area. He was holding a mixed drink while others were holding a blork.<br><br>"It’s a pleasure to meet all of you. A friend of Marlo is a friend of mine. Care for a blork? We have Markle, Vespre, and Astrel." Krasim said. Brexan found it strange that he did not offer the same drink that he held in his hand, but who could complain about free blork? Everyone in the group of students accepted a bottle of Markle while Marlo grabbed an Astrel. "Krasim recently purchased this warehouse," Marlo said. "This is the first party here. It is still a work in progress," Krasim added. "We want to make it a regular place to host underground talent and culture."<br><br>A permanent underground club was a new concept for Brexan. He had only experienced warehouse parties that were illegally hosted in un-occupied buildings. He recognized that having a legitimate underground club could be a great opportunity to share the culture with more people and thought it seemed like a great idea. "We are still trying different tactics for getting people to the outer edge of the city" Krasim noted. "Do any of you happen to know any artists that could paint a mural on the side of the building? That would be great for marketing and I can pay well."<br><br>Brexan and Trel had always been interested in drawing, but thus far their artwork had been confined to notebooks. The culture of Branstag's underground scene had a strong resonance with Brexan. He had been searching for a way to express himself artistically. Brexan leaned over towards Trel and whispered "Should we offer to paint the building?" Trel looked back at Brexan and nodded with an excited expression on his face. They looked back at Krasim and Brexan said "We are actually artists ourselves and would be interested in painting that mural for you."<br><br>"Interesting. Do you guys have any of your work on you that I can take a look at?" Krasim asked. Brexan and Trel pulled out their phones and started going through some of their better drawings. Krasim seemed impressed by their work. "You got yourself a job! How does $2000 sound for the mural?" Brexan could hardly contain his excitement as he looked over to Trel, who enthusiastically nodded in approval. "We will do it!" Brexan stated. "Great! Just provide me with a preview next week and we can go over it." Krasim said. One week was a tight deadline, but Brexan didn't want to lose the opportunity, so he accepted the challenge. They exchanged contact information and went on to enjoy the rest of the night.<br><br>Over the next week, Brexan and Trel spent every moment they could at the warehouse, sketching and planning their mural. They were both struggling to get their school work done because of the time spent working on the drawing. The two of them had never felt this motivated or excited to finish a project. By the end of the week, after several iterations, they had finished the demo draft.<br><br>The drawing had a black background. There was a Vermosian and a Marcusian dancing together, knowing that some members of Branstag would find it offensive. The shape of the characters in the scene was decisively disproportional, giving the drawing its own sense of style. Around the characters was a wall of fog and lasers that gave the viewer a sense that the picture was popping out of the background. Under the characters was lettering in a broken-stone style that read 'UNDERGROUND'.<br><br>They were confident with their drawing and sent it over to Krasim. Less than an hour later Krasim got back to them. He loved the drawing and wanted to put it on the building! The only thing he wanted to change the wording to read 'SUB-VERSIVE' which is what he decided to name the club. He said they should start at the beginning of the next week and needed to have it done before the weekend. He reminded them that $2000 was waiting for them when the mural was finished.<br><br>Over the weekend, Brexan and Trel could hardly sleep because they were so excited to start painting. On the first day of the week, they woke up early before classes started to get a head start. Throughout the week they worked tirelessly on the mural. By the third day, they were slightly ahead of pace. That night they got out to the warehouse a little later than usual, set up the lights, climbed the ladders and got to work. Shortly after starting, they heard the wailing of sirens.<br><br>Brexan and Trel looked at each other nervously, as if to ask 'Should we run?' Before they could make a move, the flashing lights of the authorities echoed off the building as they screeched to a halt in next to their work area.<br><br>"Get down from the ladders slowly" yelled the official. They did as instructed. When they got to the ground they were immediately placed in handcuffs. "This is a misunderstanding!" yelled Brexan. "We were hired by the owner of this building to paint this mural!" The officer shook his head and said "Nice try, but this building is owned by the city and scheduled for demolition in 3 months." Brexan and Trel were in disbelief. They had been tricked, but knew that the eyes of the law did not see it that way. They kept quite as they were shoved in the back of the officer's car and taken to the station.