The back of the police car was abysmal. Brexan could feel moisture seeping through the fabric of his seat. There was a pungent aroma of various bodily fluids. The barrier separating the front of the cabin was sealed tight, as if to lock in the fowl stench for those unfortunate enough to ride in the back. Brexan could barely see out of the front windshield through the stains on the divider.  <br><br>As the vehicle made the journey through the streets of Branstag, Brexan was flooded with anxiety as his mind raced. ‘What am I going to do? Am I going to prison? What happens next?’ His thoughts were only interrupted by the driver’s careless operation of the vehicle. Each turn that was made dealt a punishing blow as Brexan was tossed into the door or Trel’s broad shoulders. It seemed that the driver enjoyed toying with passengers of the back seat. After a long and agonizing trip, they finally arrived at the station.<br><br>While being escorted up the stairs to the entrance, Brexan looked up at the large building. He had a sinking feeling in his stomach as a feeling of helplessness set in. At that moment, there was nothing in his control as he was forced to follow the process. Brexan and Trel were shoved through the doors and led to a counter where they were forced to forfeit their belongings. From the counter, they were escorted down a hallway and into a room titled ‘Processing’. “Take a seat here,” said the officer who pointed to a couple of chairs. Once seated, the officer left the room without removing the handcuffs. The door clicked loudly as it locked behind him.<br><br>The room was filled with metal chairs that were bolted to the floor. There was a metal door on the left with a red light over it. In the front there was a small screen which periodically displayed the face of someone in the room. The pictures seemed to have been taken at the counter where they gave up their belongings. Every time a new face was shown, a loud buzzing sound went off and the light above the metal door lit up, signaling for the person to enter. <br><br>Brexan found himself distracted from his own problems by what was happening around him. In the seat next to him, there was a Marcusian passed out in his chair with drool dripping out of the side of his mouth. Clearly he had overdosed on something and likely should have been in the hospital instead of the precinct. Near the front, two Vermosian men yelling at each other with a woman next to them crying hysterically. Leaning against the wall in the back right corner was a Vermosian with his tattooed arms folded and a look on his face of sheer boredom. It was evident this was not his first time in that room. <br><br>There was no clock in the room. Brexan was not known for his patience. The combination of anxiety and anticipation made the wait seem like an eternity. He intensely watched the monitor in the front for his picture to appear. He didn’t want to find out what happens to those that miss their cue.<br><br>After several people were called to proceed through the door, the face of the Marcusian sitting next to him appeared on the monitor. Brexan looked to his left and the guy was still passed out. A light beeping sound started to come from the speakers in the ceiling. Brexan nudged his neighbor to try and wake him up, but there was no response. The beeping was getting louder. “Hey. Wake up!” Brexan yelled, now shaking the man. His efforts still to no effect. The beeping sound was approaching deafening levels. Everyone was looking at the stranger, clearly irritated, unable to cover their ears with their hands locked behind their backs. <br><br>A disgruntled looking guard burst through the entrance of the room to take care of the problem. The guard opted not to use any conventional means of waking someone up and went straight for his Taser. With a crackling jolt, the stranger was on his feet faster than one would have thought possible for his overweight physique and short stature. The guard gave him another unprovoked shock as he pushed him through the metal door. Without saying a word or looking at anyone, the guard left the room.<br><br>Not long after the Marcusian, Brexan’s picture appeared on the screen. “See you on the other side then,” he said to Trel. He hoped it wasn’t obvious to Trel how much effort went it to playing it cool. As he approached the door, the red light above it seemed to pierce his soul with every flash. The metal door slid open slowly as he came near. The inside was dark and there was a small platform with a pair of yellow footprints on the floor and a handrail around the front half. Brexan looked back at Trel one last time, then stepped onto the platform and waited. He had no idea of what would happen next.<br><br>Once the door behind him had shut, the wall in front of the platform slid open revealing a long hallway. The platform moved through the entry and stopped a short ways in. Brexan could hear the walled entrance to the hallway sliding closed behind him. A slot extended out from the wall to the left of the platform. A recorded female voice rang out “Place your hands in the slot to the left of the platform for restraint removal.” Brexan did as instructed and the hardened light material making up one side of the handcuffs faded away. The other half of the cuffs dropped into the slot.<br><br>A compartment then slid out of the wall on the right of the platform with a set of bright orange clothing in it. “Change into the provided uniform to the right of the platform and place all personal clothing in the bin,” said the recorded voice. Brexan looked down the hallway and could feel he was being watched. There would be no privacy in jail. He continued to follow instructions and changed into the jail garbs. He neatly folded his clothes before putting them into the compartment; perhaps hoping that they would be returned to him sooner rather than later or maybe just to delay the inevitable.  As soon as the last article of his personal clothing was in the bin, it slowly slid shut as the platform continued down the hallway.<br><br>On the left wall was a decal with lines to measure height. The platform stopped halfway into the decal and spun to face the right wall. “Prepare for your picture. Stand up straight and look directly at the camera. Do not make facial expressions. Do not show your teeth. Do not close your eyes.” instructed the voice on the intercom. Brexan could see the camera in the wall as he leaned forward to inspect it. A bright flash of light filled the room, blinding Brexan. Dazed and only able to see white blotches, the recorded voice rang out “Capture failed. Stand up straight and look at the camera.”  Brexan stood up straight, but could no longer make out where the camera was as his eyes were still in shock. The bright light flashed again. “Capture successful.” The platform turned to face forward and continued moving down the hallway past the picture area. Still partially blinded, Brexan was nearly jolted off of the platform as it stopped abruptly in front of a wall at the end of the hallway.<br><br>“Process delayed. Please wait patiently while the previous occupant completes the next step.” After several minutes, the wall at the end of the hallway slid open, revealing a bright room with padded walls. The platform moved to the middle of the room as the entrance slid shut. There were cameras embedded in the left, right, and front walls. “This is the confession room. Your sentence will be determined by your confession. Please tell the whole story to the best of your recollection. Lies, fabrications, and missing details will all be detected and considered in your sentencing. Place your hands on the handrail when you are ready to begin.” The handrail of the platform started flashing blue in two locations, indicating where to place your hands. Brexan grabbed the handrail tight and went through the entire story from the point of meeting Krasim. He left out any names because he still wasn’t sure of the entire situation and did not want to incriminate anyone. <br><br>“Is that all you would like to include?” the machine asked once Brexan had finished. On Vermos, judicial decisions were made by algorithms. That wasn’t the case on all planets in the Gramos galaxy, but it was all Brexan had ever known. After some thought, Brexan responded “Yes, I am finished”. He was still unsure whether excluding the names was the best option, but did not want to be considered a nark once he was out. “Processing sentence” said the voice on the speakers. It felt good to finally be able to tell his side of the story. However, with all of the sensors and automation, there was still no sense of control in the process. Brexan’s fate was in the hands of The Machine.<br><br>
