“Processing complete,” bellowed the voice of the machine from the speakers in the jail confession room. Brexan was finally about to receive his sentence for his actions. His palms were sweating and his heart was racing. “Brexan Dabro, you have been charged with the crime of defacing city property. The maximum sentence for this crime is three months in confinement. Due to the circumstances and events leading to the crime and because this is your first offense, your sentence has been reduced to three days in confinement and 30 hours of community service. Your community service will involve cleaning up defaced property in Branstag.”<br><br>Brexan let out a sigh of relief, knowing that it could have been much worse. He was also relieved to have finished the process. “Please hold on to the railing,” said the machine. “The platform will now take you to your destination.” A sliding doorway was revealed in the front of the room underneath the camera. The platform moved through the passage and into a warehouse containing row after row of clear prison cells. <br><br>Each row in the warehouse seemed endless with cells stacked from the floor to the ceiling. Each cell had a blue light, revealing the occupant inside. Moving about the warehouse were several large vehicles, each designed with an administrative task. One of them was clearly built to relocate cells in the large metal framework making up the rows. Others seemingly handled meals, plumbing, and cleaning. The platform holding Brexan stopped a ways before the other cells in the middle of a yellow square.<br><br>After a few minutes, one of the custodian vehicles approached the platform with an empty cell. To Brexan’s surprise, the device moved the cell directly over Brexan’s head. There was a hole in the bottom of the cell about the size of the platform’s foot pad. “Stand on the yellow markers and hold the handrail,” said the recorded voice, as the platform handrail flashed blue again. As soon as Brexan adjusted his position on the platform, the device slowly lowered the cell down over him. Once the cell reached the bottom, the platform vibrated and there was a whirring sound as it attached itself securely to the cell. There was a loud click and Brexan watched as the mobile base of the platform sped off into the distance. <br><br>“Please continue holding onto the railing and prepare for transport” said the recorded voice. The cell jerked slightly as the vehicle lifted it into the air. Once the cell reached a short distance off the ground, the vehicle proceeded across the warehouse to the fifth row. Shortly into the aisle, the cell transporter turned to the left and extended Brexan’s cell up to the fifth level. With a loud clicking noise, the cell was pushed into place. The custodian retracted its lift and sped away, leaving Brexan to examine his new surroundings.<br><br>In his cell was a bed on one side with a thin mattress and a single sheet. The frame was metal and bolted to the glass floor. In the back corner on the other side was a metal toilet, also bolted to the floor. Beside the toilet was a small showering area. The clear walls of the cell were solid. Air was ventilated from the top of the cell. Each corner of the room contained a camera. <br><br>As Brexan continued to look around, he caught a glimpse of the occupants in the cells around him. The inmate to the right side of the cell had a menacing scowl on his face. Brexan looked away quickly, hoping to avoid contact with others during his short stay. The cell on the left contained someone that was sleeping on the bed. The unit to the back of the cell in the next row over held a young Vermosian that was sitting in his bed with his face in his hands, crying. Through the floor of the cell, Brexan could see the inmate below pacing back and forth in his cell. <br><br>When Brexan looked up through the ceiling of his cell, the occupant was lying face down with his face pushed into the glass and a large smile. Surprised, Brexan fell back into the railing. The inmate laughed at Brexan’s reaction and stood up to sit on his bed. It was clear that the cells were sound proof because Brexan could not hear the inmate laughing. Annoyed and a little embarrassed, Brexan returned to exploring his cell.<br><br>There was a metal box built into the wall in the front of the cell facing the isle. Above the box were three digital buttons displayed in the glass. The buttons were labelled ‘privacy’, ‘flush’, and ‘eat’. Seeming like the obvious choice at this point, Brexan pressed the button for privacy. Immediately the glass around the cell turned opaque. Brexan let out a sigh of relief as he was finally able to collect his thoughts. The relief was cut short when he noticed that above the buttons there was a red timer in the glass counting down from five minutes.<br><br>Each minute that passed, the timer signaled with a beep. Brexan laid down on the bed and closed his eyes thinking that he might as well enjoy the time alone while it lasted. In the last ten seconds, the timer beeped with each second to signal that time was running out. Wanting to continue his privacy, Brexan got up and made his way over to the button. The timer hit zero and the class cage became clear again. Everyone around him was staring into his cell, as if there was going to be a show. Brexan hit the button again, but the glass did not change. Another timer appeared above the button, this time counting down from three hours. It was no wonder why nobody around him seemed to have their privacy mode on.<br><br>Brexan laid back down on the bed and closed his eyes, trying to imagine he was somewhere else. A couple of hours went by as Brexan was thinking about Trel and wondering if his sentence was the same and where he ended up. He had looked out at the other cells, but was unable to find him. <br><br>“Ding ding” rang the speaker in the ceiling of the cell. The loud sound snapped Brexan from his thoughts. “You have an incoming video call. Would you like to receive?” Two options appeared on the front pane of glass, ‘Accept’ and ‘Decline’. He got off the bed and pressed his hand on the glass to accept the message. The room automatically went into privacy mode and a video screen appeared where the buttons were. <br><br>An officer sitting at his desk appeared on the video feed. “Hey. You Brexan?” said the officer. He had a raspy voice and was overweight. He did not seem to care much for personal hygiene, or his physical health. “Yes. Yes I am,” replied Brexan. “Good. I have a deal for you,” stated the officer. “If you give me the name of the man that told you he owns the warehouse, we will let you go right now.” <br><br>Brexan gave it some thought. In the confession room, he had decided not to give out names. However, that was before he experienced the loneliness and helplessness of being locked in a cell. He didn’t want to be known as a sell-out, but at the same time had no reason to protect Krasim. That dirt bag was the reason he was in there. Just as he was about to accept the offer, he stopped as one last thought crossed his mind.<br><br>Clearly there had been enough time for Trel to give his confession. The fact that Brexan was getting this offer meant that Trel did not spill the names either. Brexan realized that if he took the deal, then Trel will not get offered the same deal. Since Brexan did not know what Trel’s sentence was and his own sentence of three days was not that long, he decided to decline the deal. The officer looked frustrated as the screen turned off and the walls of the cell returned to their clear state.<br><br>Brexan was satisfied with his decision. He hoped that Trel would take the deal. He could picture Trel in his cell at that very moment, probably trying to hide his tears as he choked on emotion. Trel’s large physique was accompanied by a large heart. Brexan knew that Trel would have a harder time being in lockup than he would.<br><br>As time went past, Brexan’s thoughts continued to cloud his mind. The only sense of time he had were the three meals brought to him during what he assumed was the daytime. He would watch as other inmates would come and go, wondering what they were there for. He didn’t bother trying to wash up since he wasn’t doing anything active. Besides, he had to properly delegate his privacy time to get through the digestive issues caused by whatever they were feeding him. <br><br>It didn’t take long before the isolation started getting to him. It seemed like the room was getting smaller. Though he could see other people around him, the silence of the cell was maddening. He was sure it had been three days because of the number of meals, but was beginning to doubt his ability to keep count. Finally, the recorded voice came through the speakers saying “Your sentence is completed. Please stand on the platform with your hands on the railing.” Brexan could not have been happier to hear those words. <br><br>The custodian came and removed his cell from the framework. It drove the cell to the opposite end of the hallway from where they had started. Brexan could see the transportation module for the platform move into position underneath him as the cell was lowered to the floor. Once the platform was disconnected from the cell, it was lifted back up over his head. Brexan could smell everything around him much more vividly than when he arrived. <br><br>The platform carried him through the exit hallway, which was lit much brighter than the one through which he entered. The machine returned clothes and personal belongings as he travelled on the platform down the corridor. When the platform reached the end of the hall, the door slid open to reveal the outside world on the side of the building. “You have been released. Walk through the door and exit the alley to the right.” Overjoyed to be set free, Brexan raced into the dark alley. The first thing he did was take a deep breath of fresh air. <br><br>Though it had only been three days, the intense isolation of being locked in a glass cage had given him a whole new appreciation of life around him. Not all of the smells were great, but at least they were unique and full of life. He made his way towards the street from the alley, hoping that he would come across Trel. He looked around for a bit, but did not see him. ‘Maybe he took the deal,’ Brexan thought. He reached for his phone to try and call him, but it had no power. In hindsight, he realized that he probably should have turned it off before handing it over. <br><br>“Brex!” cried Trel’s voice from the alley. Brexan turned around quickly and was met with the large embrace his friend. Trel had not taken the deal either and they had both received the same sentence. Unlike Brexan, Trel had the sense to turn his phone off before handing it over, so he called them a taxi. On the trip home they shared their experiences.<br><br>During their time in the cell, they were able to put the events leading to their incarceration into a wider perspective. Before their trip to jail, they were trying so hard to leave their mark on a culture. It was not until they we locked in a room with their thoughts that they realized being a part of the culture was not about leaving a mark. Instead, it was about sharing that feeling and culture with others. Brexan felt as though he had escaped the mental barriers keeping him from the person he truly was. His mind was now free to become a part of something different; something bigger.<br><br>